Mention Open JDK in step by step exporting (#3579)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/exporting.rst

          need to do some experimenting and searching for help in order
          to get everything working.

Before you can export your project for Android, you must download the
Android SDK and a JDK (Oracle JDK or Open JDK).

* Android SDK: https://developer.android.com/studio/
* Oracle JDK: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html

> * Open JDK(version 8 is recommended): https://adoptopenjdk.net/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* or OpenJDK (version 8 is required, more recent versions won't work): https://adoptopenjdk.net/index.html
```
